# Collegiate Academic Reading Enhancement

- Reference

  [Dream_oyh blog](https://dream-oyh.github.io/english/free/1.html)





## From the editor

- Article

  >Source: 

  





# 2023 Academic Reading

## The 5 phases of leading through a crisis

- Article

  > Source: 

  



## The 3 pillars of a good job

- Article

  > Source: 

  



## How listening to silence changes our brains

- Article

  > Source: 

  



## The pandemic generation goes to college it has not been easy

- Article

  > Source: 

  



## When algorithms lend authors a helping hand

- Article

  > When algorithms lend authors a helping hand
  >
  > Source: https://www.ft.com/content/bdcb7c80-d7bd-42da-87eb-8f33233a3616
  >
  > Could the next Leo Tolstoy or Jane Austen be a well-engineered AI software programme? It’s a question that is becoming increasingly pressing as machine language-learning software continues to evolve. No one likes to face their own possible obsolescence — especially not writers, who prefer to believe that literary talent is unique and irreplaceable. 
  >
  > Much of this is just nerves. Today’s AI creative writing programmes are not yet at a stage of development where they pose a serious threat to Colleen Hoover, say — or Charles Dickens. But while attention continues to focus on the possibility of a blanket takeover of human literature by AI, far less consideration has been given to the impending prospect of collaboration between humans and AI. It’s a scenario that is — depending on your point of view — either already here or hovering just around the corner. 
  >
  > Earlier this month, American sci-fi writer Ken Liu, who has a clutch of Hugo and Nebula awards to his name, joined 12 other professional authors for a writing workshop on Google’s Wordcraft. This AI tool, which is based on LaMDA, a non-sentient language-learning model, is not yet publicly available but is billed as an “AI-powered text editor” that can, when given the right prompts from the writer, chip in with helpful descriptions, create lists of objects or emotional states, and, at a pinch, brainstorm ideas. 
  >
  > Even if an AI model learnt what a writer had done in the past, it would not be able to predict where their creative impulses might take them in the future 
  >
  > If you’ve ever accepted a Word doc’s spelling suggestion, you’ve already dipped a toe into the world of machine writing. What is new, is the generational shift in the power of these AI models, which include Google’s Wordcraft and OpenAI’s GPT-3, an artificial neural network with more than 175bn parameters that is being trained to use prompts from humans to create its own poems and works of fiction. 
  >
  > When GPT-3 was launched in 2020, it seemed more like a charming experiment than a serious contender for Machine Most Likely To Replace Shakespeare: the literature it produced felt quaint and slightly off-timbre. But its access to human texts has since broadened. In March, Owain Evans, a research associate on machine learning at the University of Oxford, posted a few poems generated by InstructGPT, the latest GPT-3 variant, on his Twitter feed. The poem below, composed on the subject of Twitter in the style of TS Eliot, indicates that learning and replicating the signature voice of a poet may not be as hard as it once seemed: 
  >
  > Upon the platform of the efficacious tweets, 
  >
  > We stand together, faceless and bereft, 
  >
  > Of all identity but that which is supplied, 
  >
  > By the retweet button and the follow. 
  >
  > We are the retweeted and the followed, 
  >
  > The anonymous and the nameless, 
  >
  > The content-less and the formless, 
  >
  > The bereft of all significance. 
  >
  > Despite the tell-tale signs of a machine hard at work in unfamiliar terrain — “the efficacious tweets”, “the bereft” — the cadence and the gloom are both passably Eliotian. I can imagine this poem passing the Turing test (has a text been created by a human or a machine?) quite easily. 
  >
  > The writers at the Wordcraft workshop, however, emerged with mixed reports. After a few weeks, Liu figured out how to tame his AI dragon: “By taking the seed from LaMDA and saying, ‘Yes, and . . . ’ I can force myself to go down routes I wasn’t thinking of exploring and make new discoveries.” Other writers swiftly discovered its limits. “Here is the problem,” Robin Sloan wrote, “Wordcraft is too SENSIBLE. Which of course is a great success for the language model: it knows what’s sensible! Wow! But ‘sensible’ is another word for predictable; cliched; boring. My intention here is to produce something unexpected.” 
  >
  > I’m unconvinced that writers such as Olga Tokarczuk or Kazuo Ishiguro have much to fear from present-day AI language generating models and writing assistants. Their work, and that of countless other novelists, short story writers, dramatists and poets, is too particular, too beautifully unique; even if a model learnt what they had done in the past, it would not be able to predict where their creative impulses might take them in the future. But for authors who write to a formula — high-voltage thrillers or romances that adhere to a simple template — AI models might plausibly step in, first as assistants before some day making the dazzling leap to authorship. 
  >
  > Assembly-line novels are nothing new. In the 1970s, Barbara Cartland, who wrote more than 723 books in her lifetime, many of them romance bestsellers, would dictate her novels for her secretary Jean Smith to type up at the remarkable rate of roughly seven chapters a week. But already word processors and dictation software have replaced Smith’s role; perhaps creative writing software isn’t that far from replacing the Mrs Cartlands of today. 
  >
  > Join our online book group on Facebook at FT Books Café

- Task 1: What is the structure of this text? 

  The potential threat from AI to literature

- Task 2: 





- Full text reading

- paragraph 1

  `next Leo Tolstoy` - 开头问题

  `unique` 独一无二(对自己), `irreplaceable` 不可替代(和别人)  - 写作体现 名词动词形容词

- paragraph 2

  `nerves` 神经n, `nervous` 紧张adj  - 回答问题

  `pose a serious threat` 抛出 威胁

  `a blanket takeover` 一毯子卷走 全面接管





## How to emerge a hero from the tension of a world cup penalty shootout

- Article

  > Source: 

  



## ChatGPT is fluent, clever and dangerously creative

- Article

  > Source: 

  



## Wrapping is as valuable as presents it conceals

- Article

  > Wrapping is as valuable as presents it conceals
  >
  > By John Gapper 
  >
  > December 24 2022
  >
  > Source: https://www.ft.com/content/a21482ff-f0a0-4c10-83a9-82000347ca94
  >
  > By the time you read this column, many of you — the lucky ones at least — will already have wrapped up your presents and they will be placed under a Christmas tree. We are not all Christian, or even religious, but the ritual of buying and covering gifts is part of the winter festival. 
  >
  > I used to be a recalcitrant wrapper, rushing on Christmas Eve to slap paper around presents that I had acquired in the final, overcrowded days of shopping. This year, I had the zeal of the reformed sinner, sitting down a few days ago with gift paper, Sellotape and little cards to add my labour and a personal touch to my purchases. I found the experience oddly fulfilling. 
  >
  > There is an ecological case against wrapping. It smacks of wasteful consumption to cover presents in paper, some of it encrusted with glitter and plastic, that will be ripped off and discarded in a few seconds. Wrapping is inherently superficial: that is the point of the practice. 
  >
  > But there are ways to get round this, from the Japanese furoshiki tradition of cloth wrapping to my colleague Jo Ellison’s chic habit of using FT newsprint and old copies of HTSI magazine. Frankly, high-quality paper without glitter that can be recycled effectively is good enough for me. 
  >
  > Set against the minor guilt is plenty of evidence that wrapping presents matters to human relationships. Wrapping and the various traditions surrounding seasonal gift-giving transform the objects under Christmas trees from profane to sacred. Without that, as one anthropologist wrote, “The heap of loot is too obviously a pile of commodities rather than gifts.” 
  >
  > The sociologist Theodore Caplow once undertook a detailed study of Christmas rituals in middle America (Muncie, Indiana, to be exact). He examined 366 family celebrations in 1979 and concluded that almost all of them obeyed a set of rules that made the season meaningful. One of these rules was: “Christmas gifts must be wrapped before they are presented.” 
  >
  > It is impossible to distinguish entirely between a gift’s economic worth and its relationship value. Caplow noted a scale of how much the givers spent on presents, depending on closeness to the receivers. When all were wrapped and positioned, they formed “a glittering monument to the family’s affluence and mutual affection”. 
  >
  > Wrapping tilted the symbolic balance from money to emotion. The families often took photographs of their presents, but nearly always when wrapped: a photo of one small boy with his opened presents was the only example that Caplow found in all the events. “To display unwrapped gifts as a set seems to invite the invidious comparison of gifts,” he wrote. 
  >
  > There is more than financial delicacy involved in wrapping: it also signifies personal attention. Even if a present’s recipient suspects that not enough thought went into the choice, they will be mollified by the effort given to presentation, as long as it was done by the giver and not by a shop assistant. The object may be manufactured but the wrapping is bespoke. 
  >
  > Ralph Waldo Emerson, the American essayist, insisted on more personal skill being put into his own presents than them being nicely wrapped. He wrote in 1844, “Rings and other jewels are not gifts, but apologies for gifts . . . it is a cold, lifeless business when you go to the shops to buy me something, which does not represent your life and talent, but a goldsmith’s.” 
  >
  > But we are not all artisans with a freshly wrought piece to give a picky literary figure at Christmas. The reality is that most of us browse in stores to find presents, or simply buy them online. Our contribution to gift giving has to come in another form than casting molten metal ourselves. 
  >
  > Wrapping predates the industrial revolution: it reaches back many centuries in China and Japan, where it is an intricately calibrated social ritual. Preparing gifts has long involved an element of individual craft, including decorating paper to make objects enticing. 
  >
  > Gift paper itself has mostly been manufactured since 1917, when the Hall brothers, Hallmark’s founders, started selling French decorative envelope lining as wrapping paper at their store in Kansas City, Missouri. The emotional value of wrapping now lies more in how it is arranged than made. 
  >
  > I used to be ashamed of my wrapping technique, and the mess I made of the seemingly easy task of covering regularly shaped objects in paper. But I have since been reassured. Since wrapping needs to signify personal effort, it is a mistake to be too accomplished. 
  >
  > People receiving gifts from friends that are neatly wrapped are often disappointed when they open them, one study found; they tend to prefer sloppy work. The authors attributed this to their expectations being raised too high by pristine seams and ribbons but I think there is another effect. Imperfection is personal, and so is love. 
  >
  > So I am happy with my clumsy packaging on the presents by our tree, and I hope that you get pleasure from yours. The wrapping may be disposable but the meaning will linger.



- Note oswin

  There's a lot of underwater information in every sentence. 

  In the earliest days, I would scold Westerners for their lazy lifestyle; Later, I can tolerate another way of life, and think that each has its own merits; And now, I am full of envy for that life - work and life separate. 

  



### read the first time: full text precision

- Note

  financial times 金融时报

  Wrapping is as valuable as presents it conceals 包装 内容 (观念)

- Part 1

  > By the time you read this column, many of you — the lucky ones at least — will already have `wrapped up your presents` and they will be placed under a Christmas tree. We are not all Christian, or even religious, but `the ritual of buying and covering gifts is part of the winter festival`. 
  >
  > I used to be a `recalcitrant` wrapper, rushing on Christmas Eve to slap paper around presents that I had acquired in the final, overcrowded days of shopping. This year, I had `the zeal of the reformed sinner`, sitting down a few days ago with gift paper, Sellotape and little cards to `add my labour and a personal touch to my purchases`. I found the experience oddly fulfilling. 
  >
  > There is an ecological case against wrapping. It smacks of wasteful consumption to cover presents in paper, some of it encrusted with glitter and plastic, that will be `ripped off and discarded` in a few seconds. Wrapping is `inherently superficial`: that is the point of the practice. 
  >
  > But there are `ways to get round` this, from the Japanese furoshiki `tradition` of cloth wrapping to my colleague Jo Ellison’s `chic habit` of using FT newsprint and old copies of HTSI magazine. Frankly, high-quality paper without glitter that can be recycled effectively is good enough for me. 

- wrapped up 包裹 程度 -> 把礼物`包裹`起来

  ripped off 把礼物的包装`撕开`;  tear 粗鲁地撕

  discarded 普通的不要的东西`扔了`;  reject 东西本身不想离开但被我抛弃 抛弃的是有感情的东西;  throw 扔出抛物线

- ritual 仪式(有明确的时间地点动作的要求) `很重要的东西 正式对待`  

  **the ritual of doing sth is part of sth** 

  ```
  Example: 英语学习必须背单词。(我们在英语学习的过程中必须背单词)
  
  English learning `must` reciting vocabulary. X
  
  We must / should recite vocabulary in English learning. V (正确但落了下流)
  
  The `ritual` of reciting vocabulary is part of our English learning. VVV (灵气)
  ```

- recalcitrant 顽抗的 反抗习俗的 离经叛道

  ```
  Example: 用一个词来描述你自己
  
  kind (小学), optimistic (中学), recalcitrant (大学 表达内涵的深度 具体解释)
  ```

- 从过去到现在 对比

  used to be ... this year ...

- the zeal of the reformed sinner 热情 改头换面的罪恶者(修饰) -> `改变(饱含热情)` (比喻)

  zeal 全身心投入事业的热情(成绩提升的起点);  passion 喜怒哀乐

  ```
  Example: 我变了
  
  I changed my attitude. (平铺直叙)
  
  I had the zeal of the reformed sinner. (大学开放水平)
  ```

- add my labour and a personal touch to my purchases `投入情感` (精确用词 具体场景)

- inherently superficial `批评 内在肤浅 内在空无一物`

  ```
  Example: 贬低一个人
  
  low B (不是有效的语言表达)
  
  shallow
  
  This person is usually pretty good, but sometimes I get into his brain and discover that he is actually inherently superficial.
  ```

- ways to get round `应对方法`

  解决问题：克服 overcome、绕过 get round 

  (重点在于在跑道上继续跑，而不在于那一瞬间是如何面对障碍的。人生是一场漫长的跑步，不在一时一刻的得失。 - 这是有力量的语言)

- tradition 传统, chic habit 时髦做法

  



- Part 2

  > Set against the minor guilt is plenty of evidence that wrapping presents matters to human relationships. Wrapping and the various traditions surrounding seasonal gift-giving transform the objects under Christmas trees `from profane to sacred`. Without that, as one anthropologist wrote, “The heap of loot is too obviously a pile of commodities rather than gifts.” 
  >
  > The sociologist Theodore Caplow once `undertook a detailed study` of Christmas rituals in middle America (Muncie, Indiana, to be exact). He examined 366 family celebrations in 1979 and concluded that almost all of them obeyed a set of rules that made the season meaningful. One of these rules was: “Christmas gifts must be wrapped before they are presented.” 
  >
  > It is impossible to distinguish entirely between `a gift’s economic worth and its relationship value`. Caplow noted a scale of how much the givers spent on presents, depending on closeness to the receivers. When all were wrapped and positioned, they formed “`a glittering monument to the family’s affluence and mutual affection`”. 

- from profane to sacred 低俗的 神圣的

- undertook a detailed study `从事` 详细调查 (自我介绍场景)

- economic value, relationship worth 经济价值 情感价值

  ```
  Example: 礼轻情意重
  
  light, heavy (错误 Chinglish 中国人能听懂 外国人很诧异)
  light 没份量, heavy 沉重 (压力 承受不了 很有压力)
  
  low, high (正确)
  limited, infinite (好看)
  
  The gift's econimic worth is limited but its relationship value is infinite. (course)
  The gift is small but the sentiment is profound. (GPT3.5)
  The etiquette is light but the affection is heavy. (Google)
  ```

- a glittering monument to sth 纪念碑 `某件事的标志 见证` (比喻)

  



- Part 3

  > Wrapping `tilted the symbolic balance from money to emotion`. The families often took photographs of their presents, but nearly always when wrapped: a photo of one small boy with his opened presents was the only example that Caplow found in all the events. “To display unwrapped gifts as a set seems to invite the invidious comparison of gifts,” he wrote. 
  >
  > There is more than financial delicacy involved in wrapping: it also `signifies` personal attention. Even if a present’s recipient suspects that not enough thought went into the choice, they will `be mollified` by the effort given to presentation, as long as it was done by the giver and not by a shop assistant. The object may be `manufactured` but the wrapping is `bespoke`. 
  >
  > Ralph Waldo Emerson, the American essayist, insisted on more personal skill being put into his own presents than them being nicely wrapped. He wrote in 1844, “Rings and other jewels are not gifts, but apologies for gifts . . . it is a cold, lifeless business when you go to the shops to buy me something, which does not represent your life and talent, but a goldsmith’s.” 
  >
  > But we are not all artisans with a freshly wrought piece to give `a picky literary figure` at Christmas. The reality is that most of us browse in stores to find presents, or simply buy them online. Our contribution to gift giving has to come in another form than casting molten metal ourselves. 
  
- sign 标志, signifies 标志着

- be mollified `被抚慰`(别生气), comfort 安慰(别哭)

- manufactured 大规模生产, bespoke 个人定制

- Emerson 超验主义 (永远冷眼 说话很损)

  a picky literary figure 挑剔的文人 (熬死他!)



- Part 4

  > Wrapping `predates` the industrial revolution: it `reaches back many centuries` in China and Japan, where it is an `intricately calibrated social ritual`. Preparing gifts has long involved an element of individual craft, including decorating paper to make objects `enticing`. 
  >
  > Gift paper itself has mostly been manufactured since 1917, when the Hall brothers, Hallmark’s founders, started selling French decorative envelope lining as wrapping paper at their store in Kansas City, Missouri. The emotional value of wrapping now lies more in how it is arranged than made. 
  >
  > I used to be ashamed of my wrapping technique, and the mess I made of the seemingly easy task of covering regularly shaped objects in paper. But I have since been `reassured`. Since wrapping needs to `signify personal effort`, it is a mistake to be too accomplished. 
  >
  > People receiving gifts from friends that are neatly wrapped are often disappointed when they open them, one study found; they tend to prefer sloppy work. The authors attributed this to their expectations being raised too high by pristine seams and ribbons but I think there is another effect. `Imperfection is personal, and so is love`. 
  >
  > So I am happy with my clumsy packaging on the presents by our tree, and I hope that you get pleasure from yours. `The wrapping may be disposable but the meaning will linger`. 

- A predates B  A在B之前就出现 (时间跨度大)

  ```
  Example: 包装在工业革命以前就出现了
  
  appear before (高中教育在脑子中的毒害 基础的含糊的)
  
  A predates B (语言质量)
  ```

- reaches back many centuries 追溯到 (时间)

- intricately calibrated 复杂的 精细的

- enticing `有吸引力的` 令人垂涎欲滴的(魔力 能让你想方设法地去接近他), attractive (好看的)

- I am reassured. 我被说服了 我想开了

- Imperfection is personal, and so is love. (上价值 个人化注定是不完美的)

- disposable, linger 扔掉 留存

  lingering in your head / mind 绕梁三日余音未绝(一直在脑海徘徊)
  
  



### read the second time: reading and tsking 









### fragment list

- fragment list

  Need to summarize words, phrases, sentence patterns (need to be hierarchical and close to native English speakers)

  ```
  
  ```

  



## What is remote learning? What you need to know

- Article

  > What is remote learning? What you need to know
  >
  > The Albert Team
  >
  > Last Updated On: March 1, 2022
  >
  > Source: https://www.albert.io/blog/what-is-remote-learning/
  >
  > Given the state of education today, you may be curious, “What is remote learning?” or “What does a remote classroom look like?” Remote learning is learning from a distance made possible by online modes of education.
  >
  > The success of remote learning lies in a supportive infrastructure maintained by the district, administrators, and teachers alike. Remote learning works best when all gears in the machine are turning properly and efficiently, when every component of the education world is ready and prepared to assist each other in the technical and general ins and outs of remote learning. 
  >
  > Here, we’ve created a comprehensive review of distance learning, replete with remote learning examples, descriptions of how remote learning works, explanations of various types of distance learning, examples of remote learning, analysis of the advantages and disadvantages surrounding distant learning, and more.
  >
  > **What We Review**
  >
  > [What is Remote Learning? How Does Remote Learning Work?](https://www.albert.io/blog/what-is-remote-learning/#What_is_Remote_Learning_How_Does_Remote_Learning_Work)
  >
  > [Benefits and Disadvantages of Remote Learning](https://www.albert.io/blog/what-is-remote-learning/#Benefits_and_Disadvantages_of_Remote_Learning)
  >
  > [5 Remote Learning Examples ](https://www.albert.io/blog/what-is-remote-learning/#5_Remote_Learning_Examples)
  >
  > [What is a Typical Structure for Remote Learning? ](https://www.albert.io/blog/what-is-remote-learning/#What_is_a_Typical_Structure_for_Remote_Learning)
  >
  > [How to Implement Remote Learning at your School or District? ](https://www.albert.io/blog/what-is-remote-learning/#How_to_Implement_Remote_Learning_at_your_School_or_District)
  >
  > [Remote Learning vs. Online Learning: What’s the Difference?](https://www.albert.io/blog/what-is-remote-learning/#Remote_Learning_vs_Online_Learning_Whats_the_Difference)
  >
  > [Wrapping Things Up: What is Remote Learning? What You Need to Know](https://www.albert.io/blog/what-is-remote-learning/#Wrapping_Things_Up_What_is_Remote_Learning_What_You_Need_to_Know)
  >
  > **What is Remote Learning? How Does Remote Learning Work?**
  >
  > Remote learning is, simply put, where the student and the educator are not physically present in a traditional classroom environment. Rather, instruction is disseminated through technology tools such as discussion boards, video conferencing, and virtual assessments. It is an attempt to recreate the in-person, face-to-face classroom over the internet. 
  >
  > Unlike its close relative, virtual learning, which is a more official, established mode of online learning, remote education involves teachers and students who are not accustomed to education that takes place online. It is typically used during scheduling conflicts, illnesses, or, like today, disasters. This particular newness of remote learning, then, is what can make it tricky for both educators and students.
  >
  > Between private, public, big, and small schools, remote learning looks fairly similar. While private schools may feature more direct instruction through video conferencing platforms like [Zoom](https://zoom.us/) and [Skype](https://www.skype.com/en/) than public schools, all engage with remote learning in a similar way. 
  >
  > Broadly put, remote learning is typically structured in this way: the teacher establishes a virtual connection with their students through an online class program such as [Google Classroom ](https://classroom.google.com/u/0/h)or [Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/). Here, the teacher posts assignments, assigns reading, collects student work, provides feedback, and more. Students login daily to the virtual homebase for a scheduled amount of time and complete assignments, listen to lectures, or participate in activities. Having a virtual homebase is vital to the success of distant learning.
  >
  > In addition to the instruction which takes place within remote classrooms like Google Classroom, many teachers meet with their students and classes through video conferencing platforms like Zoom or Skype. Some teachers give entire lectures through the service while some simply use it to check in on students and ensure they are understanding the material. The amount of time that Zoom, Skype, or any other direct virtual conferencing platform are utilized may differ among districts and schools, but it also serves as a significant tool in online learning. The district will likely inform you on direct video-conferencing requirements.
  >
  > **Benefits of Remote Learning**
  >
  > - Distance learning provides access to education for those who otherwise may have no other opportunities.
  >
  >   Perhaps above all, remote learning provides students with opportunities to receive an education. Whether it’s a sixth-grade student who uses Google Classroom to keep up to date on their math coursework or to touch base with their teacher during the time of COVID-19, or a college student tuning into an online lecture during off-time at their day job, remote learning opens doors for opportunities. Right now, remote learning is the best choice we’ve got to preserve education.
  >
  > - Distance learning makes education flexible.
  >
  >   When learning is moved to a remote classroom, teachers are given more flexibility in the way they structure their class and the way they develop and evaluate assignments. Students, too, can engage with their schoolwork when it is most beneficial to them unless there are set times for class, meetings, or lectures in which they must attend. Both teachers and students do not have to commute, too, which saves time, money, and energy that can then be harnessed into developing strong lesson plans and assignments. Overall, remote learning is a bit generally more flexible than coming into the classroom every day.
  >
  > - Remote learning allows students to engage with their coursework at a more personalized pace.
  >
  >   Instruction within the physical classroom can sometimes be too rapid since there is always so much material to cover in such a short amount of time. But remote learning allows students to engage with their coursework (relatively) at their own pace. Remote learning can equalize the disparity between different learners. Every student learns at their own pace, so the highly-individualized nature of distance learning makes the pace of education much easier to control.
  >
  > - Distance learning can benefit students who are more visual learners.
  >
  >   Given the visual nature of online education, students who prefer more visual mediums of learning often find remote education beneficial to their learning style. Online lectures, assignments involving computer-based text, and assessments developed through online modes can enrich students through visual-heavy pedagogical models.
  >
  > **Disadvantages of Remote Learning**
  >
  > - Remote learning lacks social interaction.
  >
  >   Since remote learning is, well, remote, opportunities to totally engage with your students on a personalized, face-to-face basis are more challenging. This lack of social interaction can be a downer for both students and teachers, and it can also stunt student growth in areas such social emotional learning, leadership, social skills, public speaking, and more. In this way, remote learning models of education can be difficult to maintain student accountability, too.
  >
  > - Technology can be complicated and fickle.
  >
  >   We’ve all experienced those moments of utter frustration when technology simply does not work during moments when it must. The dropped WiFi service. The frozen computer. The disconnected printer. Remote learning is susceptible to many technological difficulties and disruptions, and they can be extremely frustrating to navigate as a teacher when you’re in charge of hundreds of students.
  >
  > - Distance learning can be distracting.
  >
  >   Since remote learning takes place primarily on the computer, it can be easy to get sidetracked or distracted by your favorite websites, online shopping, news notifications, or emails. This can make remote learning difficult to keep up with at times, and it can also lead to a decline in the quality of student work. This perpetual distraction is certainly one of the more difficult remote learning challenges.
  >
  > - Remote learning does not allow for those particular moments in class which make teaching such a wonderful and rewarding profession.
  >
  >   There are moments during a typical school year that remind a teacher why they came to the profession in the first place. The look on a student’s face when they finally grasp a concept. A joke that results in classwide laughter. The collective sigh of relief expressed when the teacher postpones a quiz or test. These are the moments that elevate teaching from a mere profession into something truly profound and rewarding. And unfortunately, these moments are few and far between in the world of online education.
  >
  > **Remote Learning vs. Online Learning: What’s the Difference?**
  >
  > Remote learning and online learning are often confused, and for good reason. The two modes of education indeed possess many similarities. But there are a few substantial differences that make the two models of learning quite unique from each other. 
  >
  > Online learning, as opposed to remote, has always been rooted online, meaning the course was intended from the beginning to be administered online. It has an instructor who knows the ins and outs of online learning, a syllabus that was created with online learning in mind, and courses that use video lectures or self-paced assignments as the central modes of instruction. 
  >
  > Online learning occurs most at the adult level where adult learners are working to earn a certification, develop a new skill, or work toward a degree. In this way, it typically tends to be more flexible than remote learning, allowing for online learners to tune into lectures and online courses at their own time within certain deadlines.
  >
  > Remote learning, on the other hand, attempts to recreate the classroom environment as the student engages with their education through the computer and the Internet. Typically, the student follows a schedule similar to a typical in-person school day by logging into a virtual classroom to complete assignments, listen to lectures, or participate in group activities. Essentially, remote learning is an embodiment of the in-person classroom moved to the realm of the virtual. 
  >
  > Both online and remote learning are often confused because they are very, very similar. But remember that online learning often denotes a mode of education that is rooted firmly within the computer and the Internet. Conversely, remote learning is what happens when in-person education must be moved online because of scheduling issues, sickness, or in our, most current case, disaster.
  >
  > **Wrapping Things Up: What is Remote Learning? What You Need to Know**
  >
  > Let’s face it: we live in an age of unpredictability. That’s why we must be ready to meet changes and adversity with flexibility, determination, and a willingness to adapt. The 2020-2021 school year is going to be one we’ve never experienced before, and it will likely include at least moments of remote learning. 
  >
  > It is imperative that we as educators understand remote learning through and through and are able to adapt to the world of virtual education. 
  >
  > While remote learning can be socially stultifying, technologically frustrating, and distracting, it also opens doors for more people to get involved in education by making it more accessible and flexible, and it can work wonders for students who are more visual learners. It’s not all bad! After all, many teachers found successes while working from remote classrooms this year. And with the advent of COVID-19, many schools turned toward some form of remote learning to carry out the school year, and it will likely remain in-place for the time being. 
  >
  > Moving from in-person education to online or remote learning can be tricky, and that’s why we’re here to help. We offer hundreds of online courses, tutoring, assessment tools, and more. 
  >
  > [Visit our subject course library](https://www.albert.io/subjects/free?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=what-is-remote-learning), [explore our online learning features](https://www.albert.io/features?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=what-is-remote-learning), and [read our case studies](https://www.albert.io/case-studies?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=what-is-remote-learning) to see what we offer. You can use the button below to start trying Albert for free at your school.
  >
  > How do you plan to engage with remote learning during COVID-19?

- Task 1: What are pros and cons of remote learning?  

- Task 2: Opening, end, and transitional sentences.  

- Task 3: Finish the essay. 

  



### read the first time: full text precision





### read the second time: reading and tsking 

- essay

  > What is the pros and cons of remote learning?
  > Remote learning, or online education, is a mode of instruction that has gained signifcant development due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It involves delivering education through technology tools such as discussion boards, video conferencing, and virtual assessments.
  > Remote learning offers several advantages. Firstly, remote learning provides access to education for individuals who might have limited opportunities. This is especially crucial during unforeseen disruptions like the COVID-19 pandemic when traditional in-person learning becomes impractical.
  > Moreover, teachers can structure their classes and design assignments in innovative ways and adapt to the diverse learning needs of students more effectively. Students can engage with their coursework at times that ft their personal schedules, reducing the need for daily commutes to physical classrooms.
  > Also, remote learning enables students to learn at their own pace, potentially bridging the gap between fast and slow learners. This personalized approach can
  > foster a deeper understanding of the subject matter, ensuring that students grasp concepts thoroughly before moving on.
  > Lastly, the visual nature of online education benefts students who learn best through visual aids, multimedia content and interactive materials, which enhances
  > their learning experience.
  > Despite its benefts, remote learning has some drawbacks. One of the most signifcant challenges is the lack of social interaction. Traditional classrooms offer personalized face-to-face engagement, which is crucial for comprehensive  



- Note

  remote learning, on-line education 

  太热门的话题 (CET4 / 6, IELTS)

- Part 1

  > Given the state of education today, you may be curious, “What is remote learning?” or “What does a remote classroom look like?” `Remote learning` is learning from a distance made possible by online modes of education.
  >
  > The success of remote learning lies in a `supportive infrastructure` maintained by the district, administrators, and teachers alike. Remote learning works best when all gears in the machine are turning properly and efficiently, when every component of the education world is ready and prepared to assist each other in the technical and general ins and outs of remote learning. 
  >
  > Here, we’ve created a comprehensive review of distance learning, replete with remote learning examples, descriptions of how remote learning works, explanations of various types of distance learning, examples of remote learning, analysis of the advantages and disadvantages surrounding distant learning, and more.

- 总括性介绍

- remote learning 简单定义

- supportive infrastructure 基础设施

  



- Part 2

  > What is Remote Learning? How Does Remote Learning Work?
  >
  > Remote learning is, simply put, where the student and the educator are not physically present in a traditional classroom environment. Rather, instruction is disseminated through technology tools such as discussion boards, video conferencing, and virtual assessments. It is an attempt to recreate the in-person, face-to-face classroom over the internet. 
  >
  > Unlike its close relative, virtual learning, which is a more official, established mode of online learning, remote education involves teachers and students who are not accustomed to education that takes place online. It is typically used during scheduling conflicts, illnesses, or, like today, disasters. This particular newness of remote learning, then, is what can make it tricky for both educators and students.
  >
  > Between private, public, big, and small schools, remote learning looks fairly similar. While private schools may feature more direct instruction through `video conferencing platforms` like [Zoom](https://zoom.us/) and [Skype](https://www.skype.com/en/) than public schools, all engage with remote learning in a similar way. 
  >
  > Broadly put, remote learning is typically structured in this way: the teacher establishes a virtual connection with their students through an online class program such as [Google Classroom ](https://classroom.google.com/u/0/h)or [Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/). Here, the teacher posts assignments, assigns reading, collects student work, provides feedback, and more. Students login daily to the virtual homebase for a scheduled amount of time and complete assignments, listen to lectures, or participate in activities. Having a virtual homebase is vital to the success of distant learning.
  >
  > In addition to the instruction which takes place within remote classrooms like Google Classroom, many teachers meet with their students and classes through video conferencing platforms like Zoom or Skype. Some teachers give entire lectures through the service while some simply use it to check in on students and ensure they are understanding the material. The amount of time that Zoom, Skype, or any other direct virtual conferencing platform are utilized may differ among districts and schools, but it also serves as a significant tool in online learning. The district will likely inform you on direct video-conferencing requirements.

- What is Remote Learning? How Does Remote Learning Work?

  



- Part 3

  > Benefits of Remote Learning
  >
  > - Distance learning `provides access` to education for those who otherwise may have no other `opportunities`.
  >
  >   Perhaps above all, remote learning provides students with opportunities to receive an education. Whether it’s a sixth-grade student who uses Google Classroom to keep up to date on their math coursework or to touch base with their teacher during the time of COVID-19, or a college student tuning into an online lecture during off-time at their day job, remote learning opens doors for opportunities. Right now, remote learning is the best choice we’ve got to preserve education.
  >
  > - Distance learning makes education `flexible`.
  >
  >   When learning is moved to a remote classroom, teachers are given more flexibility in the way they structure their class and the way they develop and evaluate assignments. Students, too, can engage with their schoolwork when it is most beneficial to them unless there are set times for class, meetings, or lectures in which they must attend. Both teachers and students do not have to commute, too, which saves time, money, and energy that can then be harnessed into developing strong lesson plans and assignments. Overall, remote learning is a bit generally more `flexible` than coming into the classroom every day.
  >
  > - Remote learning allows students to engage with their coursework at a more `personalized` pace.
  >
  >   Instruction within the physical classroom can sometimes be too rapid since there is always so much material to cover in such a short amount of time. But remote learning allows students to engage with their coursework (relatively) at their own pace. Remote learning can equalize the disparity between different learners. Every student learns `at their own pace`, so the `highly-individualized` nature of distance learning makes the pace of education much easier to control.
  >
  > - Distance learning can benefit students who are more `visual` learners.
  >
  >   Given the visual nature of online education, students who prefer more visual mediums of learning often find remote education beneficial to their learning style. Online lectures, assignments involving computer-based text, and assessments developed through online modes can enrich students through visual-heavy pedagogical models.

- 策略

  开头 结尾 忽略例子

  一段话 -> 一个词

- Benefits of Remote Learning

- `Accessibility` 可接触性、提供机会

  Remote learning provides access to education for individuals who might have limited opportunities. 

  This is especially crucial during unforeseen disruptions like the COVID-19 pandemic when traditional in-person learning becomes impractical.  

- `Flexibility` 灵活性 (文字洁癖)

  Teachers can structure their classes and design assignments in innovative ways and adapt to the diverse learning needs of students more effectively.

  Students can engage with their coursework at times that fit their personal schedules, reducing the need for daily commutes to physical classrooms. 

- `Personalization` 个性化

  Remote learning enables students to learn at their own pace, potentially bridging the gap between fast and slow learners. 

  This personalized approach can foster a deeper understanding of the subject matter, ensuring that students grasp concepts thoroughly before moving on. 

- `Visualization` 可视化

  The visual nature of online education benefits students who learn best through visual aids, multimedia content and interactive materials, which enhances their learning experience.  

  



- Part 4

  > Disadvantages of Remote Learning
  >
  > - Remote learning lacks `social interaction`.
  >
  >   Since remote learning is, well, remote, opportunities to totally engage with your students on a personalized, face-to-face basis are more challenging. This lack of social interaction can be a downer for both students and teachers, and it can also stunt student growth in areas such social emotional learning, leadership, social skills, public speaking, and more. In this way, remote learning models of education can be difficult to maintain student accountability, too.
  >
  > - `Technology` can be complicated and fickle.
  >
  >   We’ve all experienced those moments of utter frustration when technology simply does not work during moments when it must. The dropped WiFi service. The frozen computer. The disconnected printer. Remote learning is susceptible to many technological difficulties and disruptions, and they can be extremely frustrating to navigate as a teacher when you’re in charge of hundreds of students.
  >
  > - Distance learning can be `distracting`.
  >
  >   Since remote learning takes place primarily on the computer, it can be easy to get sidetracked or distracted by your favorite websites, online shopping, news notifications, or emails. This can make remote learning difficult to keep up with at times, and it can also lead to a decline in the quality of student work. This perpetual distraction is certainly one of the more difficult remote learning challenges.
  >
  > - Remote learning does not allow for those particular moments in class which make teaching such a wonderful and rewarding profession.
  >
  >   There are moments during a typical school year that remind a teacher why they came to the profession in the first place. The look on a student’s face when they finally grasp a concept. A joke that results in classwide laughter. The collective sigh of relief expressed when the teacher postpones a quiz or test. These are the moments that elevate teaching from a mere profession into something truly profound and rewarding. And unfortunately, these moments are few and far between in the world of online education.

- Disadvantages of Remote Learning

- Lack of Social Interaction 缺乏社交

  Traditional classrooms offer personalized face-to face engagement, which is crucial for comprehensive education. The absence of in
  person interaction can hinder the development of essential social skills, emotional intelligence, public speaking, and teamwork.  

- Technological Challenges 技术问题

  Technology can be unreliable and complicated, leading to disruptions in the learning process.

  Technical issues like internet connectivity problems, computer malfunctions, or software glitches can be frustrating for both students and teachers.  

- Various Distractions 多种分心

  As the learning environment takes place on a computer, there's easy access to personal devices, social media, and the internet. 

  This accessibility can lead to a lack of focus on educational tasks, potentially resulting in lower-quality work and decreased productivity.  

- Lack of Inspiration 缺乏激励

  Remote learning often misses the special moments that occur in traditional classrooms, which make teaching and learning rewarding, such as the joy of a student finally understanding a concept, shared laughter, or the compassion that develops between teachers and students.  
  
  



- Part 5

  > Remote Learning vs. Online Learning: What’s the Difference?
  >
  > Remote learning and online learning are often confused, and for good reason. The two modes of education indeed possess many similarities. But there are a few substantial differences that make the two models of learning quite unique from each other. 
  >
  > Online learning, as opposed to remote, has always been rooted online, meaning the course was intended from the beginning to be administered online. It has an instructor who knows the ins and outs of online learning, a syllabus that was created with online learning in mind, and courses that use video lectures or self-paced assignments as the central modes of instruction. 
  >
  > Online learning occurs most at the adult level where adult learners are working to earn a certification, develop a new skill, or work toward a degree. In this way, it typically tends to be more flexible than remote learning, allowing for online learners to tune into lectures and online courses at their own time within certain deadlines.
  >
  > Remote learning, on the other hand, attempts to recreate the classroom environment as the student engages with their education through the computer and the Internet. Typically, the student follows a schedule similar to a typical in-person school day by logging into a virtual classroom to complete assignments, listen to lectures, or participate in group activities. Essentially, remote learning is an embodiment of the in-person classroom moved to the realm of the virtual. 
  >
  > Both online and remote learning are often confused because they are very, very similar. But remember that online learning often denotes a mode of education that is rooted firmly within the computer and the Internet. Conversely, remote learning is what happens when in-person education must be moved online because of scheduling issues, sickness, or in our, most current case, disaster.

- Remote Learning vs. Online Learning: What’s the Difference?

- 



- Part 6

  > Wrapping Things Up: What is Remote Learning? What You Need to Know
  >
  > Let’s face it: we live in an age of unpredictability. That’s why we must be ready to meet changes and adversity with flexibility, determination, and a willingness to adapt. The 2020-2021 school year is going to be one we’ve never experienced before, and it will likely include at least moments of remote learning. 
  >
  > It is imperative that we as educators understand remote learning through and through and are able to adapt to the world of virtual education. 
  >
  > While remote learning can be socially stultifying, technologically frustrating, and distracting, it also opens doors for more people to get involved in education by making it more accessible and flexible, and it can work wonders for students who are more visual learners. It’s not all bad! After all, many teachers found successes while working from remote classrooms this year. And with the advent of COVID-19, many schools turned toward some form of remote learning to carry out the school year, and it will likely remain in-place for the time being. 
  >
  > Moving from in-person education to online or remote learning can be tricky, and that’s why we’re here to help. We offer hundreds of online courses, tutoring, assessment tools, and more. 
  >
  > [Visit our subject course library](https://www.albert.io/subjects/free?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=what-is-remote-learning), [explore our online learning features](https://www.albert.io/features?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=what-is-remote-learning), and [read our case studies](https://www.albert.io/case-studies?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=what-is-remote-learning) to see what we offer. You can use the button below to start trying Albert for free at your school.
  >
  > How do you plan to engage with remote learning during COVID-19?

- Wrapping Things Up: What is Remote Learning? What You Need to Know

- 





# 2024 Academic Reading

## Classifying animals by anatomy might not be best system, study says

- Article

  > Source: 

  1







## Harvard study: just 1 to 2 days in office per week is most effective

- Article

  > A new study from Harvard Business School suggests that when it comes to hybrid work, just one to two days in the office, on a flexible schedule, creates the best outcomes for employees and businesses alike.
  >
  > The study, conducted for nine weeks over the summer of 2020, analyzed the work of people at an organization headquartered in Bangladesh, [the study said](https://www.hbs.edu/ris/Publication Files/22-063_639195cc-e7b5-47d3-9281-62d192c5b916.pdf).
  >
  > During that period, different groups of employees were assigned different levels of working from home and in the office – high work from home, which makes for about 0 to 23 percent of the time in the office, intermediate, which meant 23 to 40 percent of the time in the office, and low work from home, which meant greater than 40 percent of the time in the office, according to the study.
  >
  > “What we were able to do was to use cutting-edge machine methods to gauge the novelty of their work products,” [Prithwiraj Choudhury](https://www.hbs.edu/faculty/Pages/profile.aspx?facId=327154&click=byline), an associate professor of business administration at Harvard Business School, said in a recent interview with Boston.com. The technology was able to gauge some work products against other, similar ones, such as strategy presentations compared to other strategy presentations.
  >
  > “We found that that intermediate group, which spent between 23 and 40 percent in the physical office, they did the best,” Choudhury said, “That translated to roughly one to two days a week in the office.”
  >
  > The study found that not only were the workers creating more work products, they also showed “greater satisfaction,” and “less isolation,” according to Choudhury. 
  >
  > “Intermediate hybrid, in my opinion, gives workers flexibility, but ensures that people aren’t feeling isolated,” he said.
  >
  > But that doesn’t mean that the hybrid schedule should be strict. It should be flexible and be left up to each team to decide when they’re going to be in the office, the study found.
  >
  > That could be a certain amount of days each week, or perhaps a certain week out of the month, Choudhury said. The key is that people on the same team should be in the office at the same time – having separate hybrid schedules for people on the same team is “counterproductive.”
  >
  > “My vision of hybrid is one that is flexible,” he said. “One that is not rigid, so I don’t like the three/two model [three days a week in the office, two days a week at home].”
  >
  > More studies need to be conducted to confirm what this study found, Choudhury said.
  >
  > “As long as a whole team can be together, they’re going to be more effective,” he said. “That’s what we call flexible.”
  >
  > When people are in the office, it should be meaningful time, according to Choudhury, noting that offices should be reworked to encourage this.
  >
  > “When you go to the office, there’s an opportunity to interact with colleagues, and mentors, and have meaningful social interactions,” he said.

  1





## Why diamonds are a geologist's best friend

- Article

  > Why diamonds are a geologist's best friend
  >
  > By DAVID J. CRAIG  
  >
  > Source: https://magazine.columbia.edu/article/why-diamonds-are-geologists-best-friend
  >
  > **A team of geologists** led by Yaakov Weiss of Columbia’s [Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory](https://www.ldeo.columbia.edu/) have developed a new way to date and chemically profile diamonds, a breakthrough that could help scientists answer fundamental questions about our planet’s early history, the creation of the continents, and geological processes that continue to unfold today.
  >
  > Diamonds, which form one hundred miles or so below ground and are then brought to the surface by volcanic activity, have long been scrutinized by scientists for clues about what lies below us deep in the earth. But they hold their secrets tightly. Crystals cannot be dated using radioactive-decay techniques, because they are made of pure carbon, which is chemically inert. Scientists have therefore resorted to dating tiny flecks of more reactive minerals, like garnet or zircon, which are sometimes encased within diamonds. But this strategy is imperfect, because scientists have no way of knowing if the baked-in minerals formed long before the diamonds did.
  >
  > So Weiss and his colleagues devised a better method: they extract and analyze small droplets of liquid preserved within lesser-quality diamonds. “Diamonds form when liquefied elements crystallize, and some diamonds still have little pockets of that same fluid trapped inside of them,” Weiss says. “The fluid is the matter out of which the crystal formed. So it’s a perfect time capsule, providing a window directly into the diamond’s origins.”
  >
  > In a recent issue of the journal *Nature Communications*, Weiss and his collaborators report the results of their analysis of fluid droplets drawn from ten diamonds found in mines in and around Kimberley, South Africa. The researchers say that they were able not only to determine the diamonds’ ages — the samples ranged from 85 million to 2.6 billion years old — but also to glean valuable insights into the geological processes that were occurring underground when they formed. For example, by assessing the relative amounts of carbonate, silica, and saline present in fluid from individual diamonds, the authors conclude that some of them formed when a giant slab of oceanic crust smashed into, and then dove underneath, the edge of the African continent some hundred million years ago. The study thus provides evidence for an idea that was once considered improbable but which has been gaining currency among scientists: that diamonds may contain carbon recycled from the earth’s surface.
  >
  > Weiss says that his team’s techniques could be useful to geologists working in other diamond-rich areas of the world, including Australia, Brazil, northern Canada, and northern Russia. They could help disentangle the deep histories of those regions and give a better understanding of our planet’s ongoing evolution. Studying diamonds, he says, could shed light on how geological phenomena on the earth’s surface — the barely perceptible movements of continents, oceans, and mountains, for example — are influenced by turbulence deep underground. “These are really big questions, and it’s going to take people a long time to get at them,” says Weiss. “But hopefully we’ve provided new tools and ideas for figuring out how these things work.”
  >
  >  
  >
  > *This article appears in the Fall 2021 print edition of* Columbia Magazine *with the title "African diamonds may reveal mysteries of the deep earth."*

  1



## One trillion trees are great - except when they're not







## Protected areas don't always benefit wildife, global study finds







































































